brother
Zhizhi is my mom, she talks like that
Don't take it to heart.
I'm fine, brother, go in first
Lest aunt worry
Help me take care of my dad
You're all right, I'm all right
Just laugh
Haha brother
Why are you still acting like a child?
Then you should treat children like children, right?
I am not a child
It's getting late.
Don't go back to school today
Find a hotel nearby, but
Don't fit
Eat and live, brother, all-inclusive, let's go!
Please ask for a room
Yeah, he lives alone.
Isn't it true haha
What's going on today?
Why are people looking at me like that?
What did Mr. Chen say?
I just wanted to ask how much you know about epitaphs
What do you mean?
I recently heard some rumors about him
This appears in our company.
Photos from the internal forum this morning
Please see if this is ink paper.
Are you free?
Ah, I'm not idle
I have a job boss
Did you hear?
Companies know
Well, looking at him, I think he's short of money
I didn't expect to sell my body
I heard that you are not a lady outside?